The following graph show the temperature of Santiago , Lima , Bogota , Montevideo , Belem and Cordoba . Bogota comes in coldest at 16 degrees Celsius . The warmest being Belem at 36 .
This chart shows the most explored glaciers by the number of expeditions undertaken during a particular time frame . Volta received 4 visits , Tasman received 2 visits , Akkem received 9 visits , Zvezda received 6 , Mefonna received 13 ( and as such was the most popular ) and Olav received 5 .
This chart shows the most explored glaciers according to the number of expeditions . \n Mefonna has the most with 13 expeditions , this is much more than other glaciers . \n Tasman has the fewest expeditions with just 2 .
This chart shows the number of expeditions that have explored a variety glaciers . We can see that the most explored is Mefonna with 13 expeditions , and the least explored is Tasman . \n The data does n't tell us much about the thoroughness , length of time spent per expedition , or the size of the expedition party .
This chart expresses the most explored glaciers by the number of expeditions . The glacier which has been explored the most is Mefonna with 13 expeditions , Akkem is next most explored with 9 . Zvezda , Olav , and Volta have each been explored 6 , 5 and 4 times respectively with Tasman being explored the least amount of times with 2 expeditions .
The chart shows that Asia spends the most on higher education , spending over $ 300 million , North America is 2nd , spending $ 200 million . Europe is 3rd , spending $ 100 million , and Africa 4th , spending $ 50 million .
The chart shows the most explored glaciers by number of expeditions . From the chart we can see that Mefonna is clearly the most explored glacier , whilst Tasman is the least explored . Volta , Olav and Zvezda are also nowhere near as explored as Mefonna , and Akkem trails at second most explored glacier .
The graph shows the most explored glaciers by number of expeditions . Six glaciers are listed . \n\\n The most explored glacier , at 13 expeditions , is Mefonna .
This chart shows the most explored glaciers by number of expeditions . \n From the chart we see that the Akkem and Mefonna glaciers ( with 9 and 13 visits respectively , for a total of 22 ) were visited more often than the remaining 4 glaciers put together ( with a combined total of 17 ) .
This chart shows the number of expeditions made glaciers . \n\\n From this chart we see that the glacier that has had the most expeditions made to it is the Mefonna glacier with 13 expeditions . The next glacier with the most expeditions is Akkem with 9 followed by Zvezda with 6 .
The graph describes the most explored glaciers , measured by number of expeditions taken . \n The most explored glacier is Mefonna ( 13 expeditions ) , followed by Akkem ( 9 expeditions ) . The least explored glacier is Tasman ( 2 expeditions ) .
This graph shows the most explored glaciers by number of expeditions . Mefonna was the most explored glacier with 13 expeditions . Akhem followed with 9 expeditions .
This graph shows the number of expeditions which have taken place across various glaciers . The numbers are varied between 13 expeditions and 2 expeditions with no clear similarities between any of the glaciers .
This graph compares glaciers by how frequently they have been explored . \n\\n Mefonna has the highest number of explorations by some way with 13 overall . Akkem is next with 9 .
The graph shows the most explored glaciers by the number of expeditions . The least explored glacier was Tasman with only 2 expeditions . Volta had 4 expeditions Olay 5 and Zvezda 6 .
The chart shows the most explored glaciers based on the number of expeditions to each glacier \n\\n Chart shows most popular is the Mefonna glacier with the least popular being the Tasman . Akkem , Zvezda and Olav are in the middle range .
This chart shows the money spent on higher education in million dollars in 2010 . Asia spent the most with over 300 million dollars . Africa spent the least with 50 million dollars .
This graph displays the most explored glaciers and uses the number of expeditions to qualify this data . The most explored by far is Mefonna , with 13 expeditions . This number is slightly lower for Akkem ( 9 expeditions ) and lower still for Zvezda ( 6 ) .
This table shows the number of expeditions journeying to six different glaciers . The most visited glacier ( Mefonna ) had 13 visits ; the least visited glacier ( Tasman ) had 2 visits . The table does not necessarily represent the depth or breadth of exploration - it does not show the duration of the expedition < y_axis > , nor the size of the geographical area explored .
The chart shows the most explored glaciers in terms of the number of expeditions with Mefonna having the most – 13 expeditions down to Tasman the least expored of the group at 2 expeditions . In between , we have Volata 4 , Olav 5 , Zvevzda 6 and Akkem 9 .
This graph shows how well - explored several glers are , based on how many expeditions have been made to them . The least explored glacier is Tasman , with only 2 expeditions ever being made there , whilst Mefonna is by far the most explored , having undergone 13 expeditions .
The chart shows the most explored glaciers by the number of expeditions . We can see that the most explored is Mefonna with approximately 13 number of expeditions . This then decreases to 9 with Akkem and Zvezda is next with 6 .
This graph shows the number of expeditions take up each Glacier . Mefonna being the most climbed at 13 and Tasman being the least popular at just 2 climbs .
This chart shows that Mefonna was the most explored glacier with 13 expeditions , followed by Akkem , Zvezda , Olav , Volta and last , Tasman with 2 expeditions .
This chart shows us the number of expeditions to different glaciers . Mefonna is by far the most visited , with Akkem coming in second at 9 expeditions .
Mefonna is the most explored glacier by number of expeditions . Mefonna had 13 expeditions whereas Tasman only had 2 . Volta had 4 , Olav 5 , Zvezda 6 and Akkem 9 .
This chart shows the relative numbers of expeditions to several glaciers . Mefonna is the highest , at 13 , followed by Akkem at 9 , Zvezda at 6 , Olav at 5 and Volta at 4 . The lowest is Tasman , at 2 .
Asia spends a much higher amount on higher education than other continents . At 325 million dollars , this is more than 3 times higher than Europe at 100 million dollars and over 6 times higher than Africa at 50 million dollars . North America spends the second highest amount with 200 million dollars .
This chart shows the least explored glaciers by the number of expeditions that occured . The glacier with the least number of expeditions is Tasman with only 2 followed by volta with 4 , Olav with 5 , Zvezda with 6 , Akkem with 9 and the most popular being Mefonna with 13 expeditions .
The least explored glacier is Tasman with 2 expeditions , followed by Volta which has 4 . Olav is next with 5 expeditions and Zvezda has 6 . Akkem has 9 expeditions and then a large increase shows Mefonna has 13 .
This chart shows the least explored glaciers by the number of expeditions they 've had . \n It shows Volta has had 4 expeditions , Tasman has had the least at 2 expeditions , Akkem has had 9 , Zvezda has had 6 , Mefonna has had the most expeditions at 13 and Olav has had 5 expeditions .
The chart shows the number of expeditions to 6 glaciers . No timeframes are given nor anything about the objectives . \n Mefonna was most explored at 13 followed by Akkem at 9 , Zvezda at 6 , Olav at 5 , Volta at 4 and finally Tasman at 2 .
The chart shows the least explored glaciers in relation to the number of expeditions conducted . The Mefonna has had the largest number of expeditions by far with over 12 while Tasman has had only 2 . Akkem has had a little over 8 while Zvezda has had 6 and Olav has seen a little over 4 expeditions .
The Tasman glacier is the least explored of the surveyed glaciers with only 2 expeditions .
This bar chart represents the least explored glaciers by the number of expeditions by Glacier . The highest was Mefonna at 13 expeditions , followed by second highest Akkem at 9 expeditions . \n Third place was Zvezda at 6 expeditions followed by Olav at 5 expeditions .
The graph shows the least explored glaciers number of expeditions . The least explored glacier is Tasman with only 2 expeditions , followed by Volta with 4 expeditions , then Olav with 5 expeditions . Zvezda has been visited on 6 expeditions , while Akkem and Mefonna have been visited on 9 and 13 expeditions respectively .
Tasman is the glacier that has been least explored during expeditions coming in at a low rate of 2 \n Volta has seen double this and Olav at a slightly higher 5 \n The next popular with a rate of 5 , 6 and 9 are Olav , Zvezda and Akkem with Mefonna being a clear leader at 13 expeditions
The least explored glaciers based on the number of expeditions to these glaciers is Tasman ( 2 expeditions ) , Volta ( 4 ) , Olav ( 5 ) and Zvezda ( 6 ) . The glaciers Akkem and Mefonna have 9 and 13 expeditions each which are considerably more than these least explored glaciers
The graph shows us the amount of money various continents spent on higher education in 2010 . Asia spent the most at just over 300 million dollars with Africa spending the least at 50 million dollars .
The least explored glacier was Tasman with just 2 expeditions whilst 14 expeditions took place in Mefonna , the most explored glacier in the cohort . Most glaciers experienced 6 or fewer expeditions with only Mefonna and Akkem receiving more .
This graph is showing the number of Glacial expeditions . Tasman is the least explored glacier with 2 expeditions , then doubling is Volta with 4 , Olav with 5 , Zvezda has one more expedition with 6 , Akkem is up to the 3 and more than doubling Zvezda is Mefonna with 13 expeditions .
The chart shows the least explored glaciers by the number of expeditions . \n The least explored glacier was Tasman , with only 2 expeditions . Followed by Volta , with 4 expeditions , slightly higher than the other .
Tasman is the least explored glacier with only 2 expeditions . Volta has had 4 , Olav 5 and Zvezda 6 . By comparison Akkem has had 9 expeditions and Mefonna 13 .
This chart shows the least explored glaciers by number of expeditions . The least explored glacier is Tasman with 2 expeditions . Next lowest was Volta with 4 .
The graph depicts the least explored glaciers , by looking at the number of expeditions that have visited each glacier . The Tasman glacier is the least explored , with only 2 expeditions , whilst the Mefonna glacier is the most explored with 13 expeditions . After the Tasman , the next lowest is the Volta with 4 expeditions , then Olav with 5 , Zvezda with 6 and Akkem with 9 .
This chart shows the number of expeditions conducted by glacier . \n Mefonna has the highest number of expeditions sitting at 12.8 . \n Second to Mefonna is Akkem at 9.2 expeditions .
From this chart we can see the 6 least explored glaciers by the number of expeditions . The least explored is Tasman with only 2 expeditions , followed by Volta with 4 expeditions . Olav we see 5 expeditions , Zvezda 6 , and Akkem we see 9 .
This graph represents the six least explored glaciers on the number of expeditions recorded . Tasman is the least explored with only 2 expeditions followed by Volta with 4 expeditions , Olav with 5 and Zvezda at 6 expeditions . Mefonna is the most explored of all the represented glaciers with a total of 13 expeditions .
From the chart , the least explored glacier by the number of expeditions is Tasman with just under 2 expeditions . The most explored is Mefonna with 13 expeditions . Volta was the second least explored glacier with 4 expeditions with Olav closely following with 5 .
This chart shows how much money is spend ( in millions of dollars ) on higher education in different continents . By far , Asia spends the most on higher education with over 300 million dollar spent in 2010 , followed by North America at 200 million and Europe at 100 million . Africa spent the least at 50 million .
The following bar chart represents the least explore glaciers by number of expeditions . Mefonna is the most explored with 13.2 expeditions and Tasman is the least explored with 2 expeditions . Akkem is the second most explored at 9.2 expeditions followed by Zvezda , Olav and Volta with 6 , 5.2 , and 4 expeditions respectively .
This graph displays the least explored glaciers by number of expeditions ( y axis ) , with the glacier name on the x axis . Tasman is the least explored , with 2 expeditions . Volta is the second ( 4 expeditions ) , Olav is the third ( 5 expeditions ) , Zvezda is the fourth ( 6 expeditions ) and Akkem is the fifth ( 9 expeditions ) .
The chart shows the money spent by different continents on higher education in Asia in 2010 . Those from North America spent 200 million pounds . Europeans spent 100 million pounds .
This chart shows how much money is spent on higher education in Asia compared to othr continents . Asia is vastly higher than the other continents with £ 320 million spent on higher education . Africa spends a 6th of that with just ~ £ 50 million .
This chart shows money spent on HE for a variety of continents in the year 2010 . \n It shows that the majority was spent by Asia , which is unsurprising , at just over £ 300 million . \n It is interesting to note that the sum of money spent by continents outside of Asia exceeds the spending by Asia , at £ 350 million .
This chart focuses on expressing the money spent on higher education in asia in 2010 . the chart shows that in Asia this was around £ 320 million during this time period . This is compared to North america which spent £ 200 million , Europe spending £ 100 million and Africa spending £ 50 million during the same time period .
The chart states that it shows the money spent on higher education in Asia 2010 ( the graph suggests it means spent by continent ? ) . Asia is the continent that spends the most , whilst Africa spends the least . North America comes second , and Europe is third in terms of highest spend .
The graph shows money spent ( in £ million ) on Higher Education in 2010 . The graph is titled as being for Asia but also includes data for three other continents ( North America , Europe and Africa ) for comparison . \n\\n The graph shows that Asia as a continent spent the most on Higher Education at £ 300 m , followed by North America ( £ 200 m ) , Europe ( £ 100 m ) and Africa ( £ 50 m ) in that order .
This chart shows the money spent on higher education in Asia in 2010 . \n From the chart we see that Asia spent a total of £ 320 million pounds for the year , £ 120 million more than the closest competitor ( North America , which spent £ 200 million ) and over twice as much as Europe and Africa put together ( which spent £ 100 and £ 50 million respectively , totalling £ 150 million ) .
This chart shows the money in millions of pounds that was spent on higher education in different continents in 2010 . \n\\n Asia spent the most money on higher education in 2010 with around 320 million pounds being spent . North America then spent the next highest amount with 200 million pounds and Europe spent half that with 100 million pounds being spent .
This chart shows the gender pay gap , by percentage between Germany , Spain and the UK . The UK has the largest pay gap with over 14 % difference . Germany has the smallest pay gap with only 5 % difference in pay between men and women .
This charts shows the Money ( per million dollars ) spent on Higher Education in 2010 across different continents . The highest spend was in Asia at 320 m , followed by N America at 200 m , then Europe at 100 m and finally Africa at 50 m
This graph describes the amount of money spent on higher education in 2010 . \n The title states the data is limited to Asia , but the dataset proves to show the global data , separated by continents : North America , Europe , Asia , Africa . \n The data is shown in units of million pounds ( GBP ) .
This graph shows the continents that spent the most on higher education in 2010 . Asia ranked highest with over £ 300 million spent . North America came next with £ 200 million .
This graph shows the money spent on higher education in 4 different continents , namely North America , Europe , Asia and Africa . Asia spends the highest amount at 320 million pounds , with the next closest being North America at 200 million pounds . At the bottom is Africa who spend 50 million pounds .
This chart shows the amount of money spent on higher education in millions of pounds , by continent in 2010 . Asia spent around £ 320 million , which is over £ 100 million more than the nearest next most which is North America at £ 200 million . Europe is next at 100 million , while Africa is at the bottom at £ 50 million .
The chart shows money ( GBP ) spent on higher education in Asia in 2010 . \n The highest - spending continent is Asia ( £ 320 million ) . \n The chart shows Africa to be the lowest spending ( £ 50 million ) .
The chart shows the amount of money spent on higher education in Asia in 2010 compared to other continents . \n\\n It shows Asia spends considerable more money on higher education than Africa and Europe put together with North America pushing 75 % of Asia 's spend .
This graph displays the amount of money spent on higher education in Asia in the year 2010 . We can see that just over 300 million pounds was spend in Asia , with the second continent being North America . Both Europe and Africa have a much lower amount .
In the year 2010 , 320 million pounds was spent on higher education in Asia . This is significantly higher than the amounts of money spent in North America ( 200 million pounds ) , Europe ( 100 million pounds ) and Africa ( 50 million pounds ) . It is over 50 % higher than North America , which is where the next higest amount was spent .
The chart shows millions of pounds spent on higher education in 2010 comparing four continents ( and not just Asia as the title suggests ) . \n The highest spend that year was Asia at around 320 M , followed by North America at 200 M , Europe with half that and Africa half of Europe 's at 100 M . \n There is almost a halving pattern between each of the continents .
This graph shows the amount of money spent by students from different continents on higher education in Asia in 2010 . Africa spent by far the least , around 50 million pounds , followed by Europe with 100 million pounds , North America with 200 million pounds . Asia spent the most , exceeding 300 million pounds .
Asia spends significantly more money on education than North America , Europe and Africa .
The chart shows the amount of money spent on higher education in a number of continents in 2010 . Asia is at the top of the percentage mark with 320 million pounds . North America is next at 200 million pounds .
This grpah sowns the money on higher education in Asia , for the year 2010 . The Asia bar on this chart show that approx . £ 325 million pounds is spend , being the highest of all continents show by this data .
The chart shows that more money was spent on higher education in Asia in 2010 than in North America , Europe and Africa . Over 1.5 times more was spent in Asia than in North America , over three times more than in Europe and over six times more than in Africa . The chart does not show the money spent per million people .
The chart compares money spent in millions of pounds on different continents During 2010 , Africa spent only £ 50 million , being the least and Asia spent £ 310 million , being the most
This graph explores the money spent on higher education in Asia in 2010 . The amount is in millions pounds . Asia spent £ 320 m which is 3 x more than europes total of £ 100 m .
The chart is titled The most equal countries given the gender pay gap . I am not certain if the data in percentages relates to the pay gap itself . Three countries are included , Germany , Spain and UK .
This chart shows the most equal countries given the gender pay gap . Germany shows the highest level of equality at 21 % , with UK showing around 20.5 % . Spain showed the lowest equality level at 15 % .
Spain is reported to have the lowest gender pay gap . Germany has the highest gap with 21 % and the UK is not far behind with 20.5 % gap .
This graph shows the most equal countries given the gender pay gap , comparing Germany , Spain , and the UK . From the graph we can see that Germany are the most equal country compared with the UK and Spain in terms of the given gender pay gap with approx . 21 % .
When it comes to equality Germany just pip the UK to the post for the most equal country with regards to the gender pay gap . Uk are just behind them as stated . But dragging their heels into the 21st century are Spain , stuck in the dark ages .
This graph shows the amounts spent on Higher Education in 2010 in different regions . Asia spent the most , $ 300 million , while $ 200 million was spent in North America , $ 100 m in Europe , and $ 50 m in Africa .
This bar chart shows the percentage of equality in Germany , Spain and the UK ( countries given the gender pay gap ) . \n\\n Germany is 22 percent equal , Spain is 15 percent equal and the UK is 21 percent equal . \n\\n Spain is the least equal , and Germany is the most equal .
This chart shows the most equal countries given the gender pay gap . \n It shows that the UK and Germany have an equal pay gap of 21 % , while Spain has a pay gap of 15 % .
This visual representation displays three countries and their equality relating to the gender pay gap . Germany and the UK are approximately 21 % and Spain is at 15 % .
The chart shows the percentage of gender pay gap in three countries . The highest gender pay gap is Germany with 21 % , followed by the UK with 20.5 % , and finally Spain with 15 % , making it the most equal of the three .
The chart shows equality in three countries based on the gender pay gap . Equality in the UK and Germany is similar at just above 20 % , with Germany having slightly higher equality . Spain has equality of 15 % .
This chart describes gender equality , measured through the pay gap , in three countries . It demonstrates that Spain has the highest rate of gender equality , with only 15 % discrepancy , followed by Germany and the UK , where there is approximately a 22 % discrepancy . Germany and the UK are therefore more unequal than Spain , judged by the gender pay gap
Germany is the most equal country given the gender pay gap at 21 % , uk is just next at 20.5 % and last is spain with 15 %
This chart shows the gender pay gap in Germany , Spain and the UK . Spain is the most equal of the 3 countries with a gap of just 15 % , with 20.5 % in the UK and 21 % in Germany .
Spain has the least disparity between genders on pay at 15 % of a difference with the UK and Gernany not too \n far behind at 20.5 % and 21 % respectively .
Germany , closely followed by the UK are the most equal countries in terms of gender pay gap , around 20 %
This graph shows that Asia spent the most money on higher education in 2010 at over $ 300 million , followed by North America and then Europe . Africa spent the least at $ 50 million
Germany has the highest percentage of the most equal countries given the gender pay gap . While Spain has the lowest countries given the gender pay gap . the UK with slightly above 20 % is close to Germany
This graph shows a comparison of the equality of Germany , Spain and the UK based upon their gender pay gap in percentage . Germany is marginally the worst performing country , with a pay gap of approx . 21 % .
This bar chart shows which country is the most equal in terms of the gender pay gap . From the graph , you can see Germany has roughly a 21 % pay gap . Spain has a 15 % pay gap , and the UK has a 20.5 % pay gap .
The graph shows three countries and their gender pay gap in % terms . Germany and UK are matched at 21 % whereas Spain is lower at 15 % .
This chart shows the most equal countries based on the gender pay gap . \n You can see that Germany has a gender pay gap of 21 % , closely followed by the UK at 20.5 % . Spain has the lowest gender pay gap at 15 %
Germany and the UK are almost equal given the gender pay gap with a 21 % and 20.5 % percentage . Spain is giving a lower result with a 15 % result .
The chart shows the gender pay gap ( as a % ) for three countries : Germany ( 21 % ) , Spain , ( 15 % ) and UK ( 20.5 % )
This graph shows the percentage of the most equal countries given the gender pay gap . Germany and the UK have similar percentages , 21 % and 20.5 % respectively , meaning a difference of 0.5 % . However , Spain 's percentage is around 3/4 of the other two ( 15 % ) .
This chart compares the gender pay gap between Germany , Spain and the UK . Germany has the largest , at 21 % , Spain the lowest at 15 % , while the UK is slightly lower than Germany at 20 % .
This chart shows the least equal countries given the gender pay gap . It shows that 21 % of Germany was equal and 20.5 % of the Uk with Spain at just 15 % .
This graphs compares higher education spending between North America , Europe , Asia and Africa . Asia spent the most , followed by North America , Europe and Africa .
This graph shows that Germany has a 21 % gender pay gap , while Spain has a 15 % . The UK is just below Germany with 20.05 % .
This chart shows the percentage of the least equal countries given the gender pay gap . \\n It shows that Spain has a 15 % gender pay gap , increasing to 20.5 % in the UK , with Germany having a tiny bit more of a at 21 % .
The charts compares the gender pay gap for 3 countries in europe . Germany and the UK have a similar gap of 21 % whilst Spain shows a gap of 15 %
The chart shows which countries have the largest pay gap between male and female employees . Out of the countries shown , Spain is the most equal with a gap of 15 % , followed by the UK with a gap of just over 20 % . Germany is the worst offender with a gap of about 21 % .
Spain has the lowest gender pay gap at 15 % while Germany , slightly more than the UK .
This bar chart shows the percentage of countries that are least equal given the gender pay gap . Germany has the highest percentage at 21 % , followed by the second highest the UK at 20.5 % , and then Spain at 15 % .
The graph shows the least equal countries according to their gender pay gap . Firstly we have Germany at 21 % , followed closely by the UK with 20.5 % , and finally Spain with a 15 % pay gay
Germany performance is the worst with regards to the gender pay gap with a result of 21 % in a survey to establish the least equal countries \\n They are followed very close behind by the UK whose figure is 20.5 % \\n Spain fares much better with a percentage of just 15 %
Comparatively the gender pay gap is less in Spain where the disparity is 15 % , compared to the UK & Germany where the pay gap is 21 % .
The country with the largest gender pay gap was Germany with a disparity of over 21 % whilst the UK was slightly smaller at 20.5 % . Spain represented a much greater equality amongst gender pay with a gap of 15 % .
this graph shows money spent on high educating in the year 2010 with the leading expenditure being asia with over 300 million dollar followed by north america was 200 ,000,000 dollars , the UK with 100 ,000,000 and africa with 50 ,000,000 dollars . giving the idea that money spent on higher education is reflective on the GDP of the country .
This graph shows the percentage of least equal countries given the gender pay gap . The lowest percentage at 15 % is Spain , Followed by the UK at just about 20 % , followed by Germany with 22 % .
The most equal country was found to be Spain where there was a gender pay gap of approximately 15 % . \\n \\n Followed by the UK which had a gender pay gap of 20.5 % , as shown in the chart . \\n \\n Finally , the chart shows that Germany was the least equal country regarding gender pay gap out of the three countries , showing a gender pay gap of 21 % , slightly above the UK .
Spain is the least equal of these three countries at only 15 % . Germany and the UK are roughly similar with 21 % and 20.5 % each .
This chart shows the percentage pay gap between men and women in the three countries where the gap is highest . Germany has the biggest gender pay gap at 21 % . Next is the UK with a gap of 20.5 % .
The graph compares Germany , Spain and the UK in terms of the equality between male and female salaries . Spain comes out on top with a 15 % disparity . The UK and Germany are almost tied together , but the UK is a single percentage point better with 21 % , compared to Germany 's 22 % .
This chart shows the percentage of least equal countries in relation to the gender pay gap . Spain is at the bottom of the rankings with 15 % , followed by the UK at 21 % and Germany leads these two countries at 22 % .
This chart represents the least equal countries given the gender pay gap . Germany and UK share similar characteristics , each with a percentage just above 20 % . In grey we can see Spain , where we a percentage of 15 - the most equal country out of the three taking into account the gender pay gap
This graph illustrates the three countries with the largest percentage gender pay gap . Germany has the largest at 21 percent , closely followed by the UK which has a gender pay gap of 20.5 percent and Spain with a gap of 15 percent .
From the chart we can see that Germany has the highest percentage at 21 % as the least equal gender pay gap whereas the lowest was Spain with 15 % . The UK is just behind in 21.5 %
The following graph shows the percentage gender pay gap for Germany , Spain and UK . Germany has the largest percentage difference at 21 % with the UK closely following at 20.5 % . Spain had the smallest percentage difference at 15 % .
This chart shows the amount of dollars ( millions ) that was spent on higher education in different continents . Asia spent the most with 320 million , followed by North America with 200 million , Europe with 100 million spent and lastly Africa with 50 million . You expect Africa to be last due to poverty and lack of access to education .
This graph compares the least equal countries in regards of the gender pay gap , with the percentage difference in pay given on the y axis , and the country given on the x axis . Spain is the most equal , at a 15 % difference in pay between male and female . The UK is the second most equal at 20.5 % .
This chart shows the gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 compared with that in Spain and the UK . In Germany there was a 21 % difference in the salaries of men and women . In Spain the difference was 15 % .
This chart shows the gender pay gap in some european countries \\n \\n Germany is the worst with 21 % followed closely by the UK with just over 20 % . \\n \\n The best country is Spain with just 15 % pay gap
This chart displays the gender pay gap in 3 countries , and is titled gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 . Again the title does not exactly describe the content of the title . It does show that the gender pay gap is higher in Germany than in Spain and the UK .
This chart is titled the gender pay gap in germany in 2017 and expresses the information as a % . It shows that Germany had a % of 21 % in 2017 . The chart also shows for a comparison the UK which is also at 21 % and Spain with only a 15 % gap .
The chart claims to show the gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 yet once again what it actually shows is different to the title - it shows the GPG in multiple countries . Germany has the highest GPG , the UK is a very close second , and Spain is third out of the countries shown .
The graph shows the gender pay gap in 2017 . Although the graph is titled as being for Germany , it shows ( presumably similarly measured ) gaps for two other western European countries ( Spain and UK ) for the same year for comparison . \\n \\n The gender pay gap for Germany in 2017 was 21 % , as compared to 15 % in Spain and 21 % for UK .
This chart shows the gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 . \\n From the chart we see that the German pay gap is comparable to the British one ( with both at 21 % ) , and over 25 % better than the Spanish ( which sits at 15 % ) .
This chart shows the gender pay gap in Germany versus Spain and the UK in 2017 . \\n From the chart we see that in Germany the gender pay gap percentage was 21 % with the UK showing the exact same percentage . Spain is showing a smaller gender pay gap percentage of just 15 % .
The graph describes gender pay gap in 2017 , measured by percentage . One can assume ' percentage ' indicates percentage difference in gender pay . \\n The title indicates the graph shows gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 .
This graph presents money spent on higher education in the year 2010 by different continents . It might be total money spent , it is not clear . Asia seems to spend the most , compared to Africa which spends the least .
The Graph reports the Gender pay gap in Germany in 2017 . It shows the percentage as 21 % . The graph also includes information about the UK gender pay gap - 21 % and Spain 15 % .
